Welcome to the official Saster Podcast
where you can hear some of the best SAS
speakers. This is where the cloud meets
up today on the Saster Podcast. All
these agents are getting better. We have
20 in production. Here's the thing. This
includes Replet. This includes Opus.
This includes Agent Force and Artisan
and Qualified. All the tools we love to
death.
They automate a lot of stuff. like they
might even automate 95% of what you used
to need a team to do, they don't
automate everything. Here's the problem.
As great as these tools are, they do not
enable lazy marketing. What they enable
is better marketing and much more of it.
Everyone wants an autopilot. Everyone
wants to buy a tool and disappear. It
does not work that way. You know, you
can have crappy output. You can have
crappy LinkedIn posts.
Hey everybody, it's Saster. Connect
data, automate busy work, and empower
teams like nobody's business with the
one platform that grows with you every
step of the way. Learn how Salesforce
works for startups at
salesforce.com/smv.
That's salesforce.com/smv.
Hey Sasser, imagine having agents for
every support task. One that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn risk.
That'd be pretty mainly, right? Happy
Fox just made it real with autopilot.
These pre-built AI agents deploy in
about 60 seconds and run for as low as 2
cents per successful action. All of it
sits inside the Happy Box omni channel
AI first support stack, chatbot,
co-pilot, and autopilot working as one.
Check them out at happyox.com/saster.
So, thanks all for joining us here. We
thought we would do a part two to what
we started last week. If you didn't see
it last week, that's okay. We'll cover
some of it here and do a refresher. We
primarily focused on sales and
specifically outbound, all of our AI SDR
agents. So what I thought we would do
today is start with marketing and then
we'll kind of circle back to a few
things we didn't get to in broader go to
market just in what's working now for us
at least as our AI is running our go to
market teams and we have more agents
than people here at Saster. So thought
we would go through that start there.
One thing I'll preface for everyone,
if you haven't seen this yet or you
missed this last time, if you do go on
saser.ai/ agents, this will reference a
lot of the things we talked about last
week and this week in the two parts for
go to market. So this is our agent
arsenal. As it says, a lot of these
tools are, you know, third party tools.
Some of them have a little bit of
proprietary stuff in them. There's the
proprietary apps we've embied coded, but
this has the whole guide there. So, if
you're looking for like certain tools we
message or drop in or show screenshots
of and you want to refer back to them,
they're all there just to make it easy
for you. So, with that, let's dive into
marketing a bit just cuz we didn't get
to it and I feel like it's a it's an
important topic and before we get more
tactical with it since we have a little
bit of time, Jason, want to get your
thoughts on what you're seeing here as
well.
I this is a study I referenced last week
as well. This is from Rory and Skilled
Venture Partners. It was a state of AI
go to market study that just came out.
It's a pretty good one. I wanted to call
out a few things in marketing I think
that are interesting to me
because I feel like for marketing in
particular, folks seem to be more behind
than they are in sales or support. I
actually anecdotally don't know why that
is. I don't think it's because there's a
lack of tools, which a lot of folks will
point to. I don't think it's that. As
you'll see in our next few slides,
there's plenty of tools we're using in
marketing and that are working well. So,
I think it's just a little bit
interesting here to see in the data
that, you know, most folks are just
using AI in marketing for things like
messaging. Okay, fine. But that's
everyone's done that now, right? Chat
TV. Doing research, I feel like, yep,
that's a little bit more in the weed.
maybe a little bit more specialized but
most people have not done these phase
what they're calling phase two use cases
which is actually analyzing you know
marketing campaign data and spend
whether it's in-house or with third
party agencies actually using it to be
creative I think I don't know where this
stigma has come from but that the AI is
not that creative or that all the AI
content comes out the same I feel like
those are also two schools of thought
that we've kind of mythbusted Ed on and
then for things like enriching and
scoring. So as we talked about a lot
last week in just how we're running some
of our go to market through these agents
with sales in particular. A lot of that
is still relevant to marketing. So I
think that's maybe a conversation we can
have at the end of you know what does
this all mean for the two separately and
then together but I think it's something
where so many of these platforms and AI
maybe they were built for sales but you
can actually use for marketing which
I'll show. All right. So let me let me
show you guys a few things of what we
mean and then yeah we can dive into it a
bit more on what this might mean for you
all. I would say right now in marketing
we have the most specialized stack and
what I mean by that is like we have the
most amount of tools in marketing maybe
than we have for sales. A lot of our
agents that we've deployed in sales, I'm
able to deploy multiple agents on single
platforms. And so that's helped a lot in
terms of like how we train into all the
agents has been different in each of
those platforms and in each of those
single instances. But I'd say for
marketing, we probably have the most
specialized stack right now. We have
hyperfocused tools that do one thing
really well. And so
in this it's been a little bit of trial
and error of us trying to find you know
what are the very best ones out there
and then not only which ones are the
very best ones out there but which ones
will we actually stick with using and
also use for actual go to market right
which ones are just okay we kind of had
fun played around for the weekend on and
then never used again which ones do we
actually need now in our dayto-day so
there's two I think that have become
core for us.
It's both from a This one's both a sales
and marketing perspective, but I've used
it for both use cases. This is a really
great one at making collateral. So, just
go to market collateral, whether that's
sales collateral, marketing collateral.
The two apps we use the most right now
are going to be Gamma and Reeve. I think
the next slide is Higsfield. We use
those a lot heavily. I put these this
slide here. This is an actual sign I
sent replet.
But this is a custom. You'll see I
picked this slide because it has a few
custom photos on it. The photos were
made by Reeve. So where you see these
guys like vibe coding outside. I told
Reeve, you know, hey, I'm thinking about
doing like a vibe coding camp or summit
or something. Vibe coding lab. It also
came up with that name for me. A vibe
coding lab at Saster Annual next year.
This is basically a pitch I wanted to do
with our marketing team. I gave it
actual photos of Santorano. I was like,
"Here's what our setup looks like.
Here's what the tents look like outside.
Here's what people, you know, kind of
look like in SAS. So, just so you have
the a grounding, I would say for the
agent to know what to
output on. That also will help it not be
as generic. I feel like where Reef kind
of kicks butt over Nano Banana or some
of the other or you know chat GBT or
Sora is you can upload an image to those
and I feel like most people are just
Gibbly themselves or maybe like a Pixar
version of themselves. Reev is really
good at doing mockups. Like it I don't
think it was intended to be its
superpower. It's really good at doing
stuff like this where like I used to
have to ask our designer, "Hey, can you
do a quick mockup of, you know, the
Replet logo in its head, kind of make it
look real like people are sitting in
it." One, that takes really long when a
manual designer does it. Two, because I
gave it reference images. Reef was like,
this was a first shot image. I was like,
"That one's pretty good." I was like, I
like that one. It looks like our tent
that we have outside. There's people
they're viating on the screens. I told
it make sure they're by building on the
screen. And so that's pretty cool. And
so I had it do a couple more. I was
like, okay, what are other things I want
to conceptualize for this potential
space that Replet's going to do in its
disaster. Um I said, "Okay, I want to be
an exclusive footprint." So it came up
with this, you know, here's the rest of
the outdoor tent with the Replet logo. I
did orange umbrellas because it pitched
that from their brand colors that's
prevalent in the logo. And I said,
"Okay, now the last thing I want is I
want to include some sort of like
outdoor stage and space." I gave it
photos of past outdoor stages we had
with speakers on it and it came up with
this and I was like cool. I actually
think it kind of crushed it on these
mocks I wouldn't have been able to do
otherwise and it's just such a way in
which like when I started presenting
this to the replet team they were like
that's cool like they can visualize it
they can see it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Just to add the inside tip
for guys that might not you know for
reev.art art. It is a team that built
their own image LLM. It's not the same
stuff. Everyone else uses, you know,
there's a variet that they might use,
but when you know when you build when
you build a lot of images and they all
look like cartoons or they look silly or
they look goofy, it's not your only
asset for B2B. Try Reeve. Upload
something that's similar to what you
want and in plain English tell it what
you want. I think for B2B use cases, for
real business stuff, the 95% chance it's
gonna be much better than what you get
out of Chat GBT. I started using this. I
told Emily to use it. She didn't. And
then it's just this is the kind of real
stuff that you want, not goofy cartoon
looking stuff or I mean that has its
place if you want to be fun. But for
B2B, use this and it's going to crush
like this looks real. It looks great.
There's no excuse for those for that
goofy cartoon stuff unless that's what
you want. And I don't think you know the
world has moved past that for B2B. You
don't have to settle for crappy text
which we'll talk to and you don't have
to settle for cartoony images. you in
fact should create great pitches for
your prospects.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, how this one came about
in this use case was I Yeah. We've
obviously had this journey with Replet,
but then I started to get to know their
marketing team. We want to do more
marketing and so they're a sponsor for
an event already, but we wanted they
were like we want to do something
bigger, probably something custom at
Ster annual. And so, we started thinking
through this vibe coding lab thing. I
would say Reev also is best at you can
this logo. I gave it that logo, right?
Like sometimes when you put it in the
other generators or LLMs, it will come
up with a logo or it will change their
logo. Reev I think kind of quietly
crushes it at the text being good and if
you upload logos it keeps the logos.
So that's one where I to Jason's point,
I really like the professionalism of it.
It looks polished, right? So this is
something that I think is sendable to
folks.
So I like it for that use case. Another
one is just related to marketing. You
know, we're doing all these assets for
Sster London in a 10 days or whatever.
And I put into Reeve like my original
concept of okay, here's what I'm kind of
thinking for all the stages. You know,
we need like some backdrops. We need a
bunch of signage.
And I had Ree give me, you know, all
these different outputs. I like that one
looks too dry. That one is too overdone.
That one's too boring. It's really good
for storyboarding, which I feel like is
a good superpower of it, too, because
it's going to generate all these real
realistic images, right? Give it images
of past London events. Like, I gave it
the venue. I gave photos of the venue.
Like, it can actually help you picture
and visualize and storyboard what you
want. And so, when I started going
through that process and made this
really cool like portal looking thing, I
was like, "Oh, I like that. I like that
plus a straight AI would look pretty
sick." And so then we actually we ended
up I upscaled it in Adobe Photoshop has
a little bit of AI. So you can take it
out of reev if it's, you know, it's fine
enough digital quality, but if you're
doing anything print, you do need to
have usually higher quality, higher DPI.
And so I put it into Photoshop, upscale
it, gave it to Designer as a 4K asset,
all generated in Re. And I was like,
this is the portal, you know, clean it
up, add Saster AI, and we got a pretty
sick looking brand.
That is also another great use case more
specifically for marketing kind of
related to events but you guys might
even if you have a small event this is a
good way to kind of quietly you know
uplevel it as well and make it look more
polished and better you can use it I've
used it in emails right obviously image
generation for emails that we're sending
out but just in go to market if you want
it to be more you know tactical we're
using it here for both sales and
marketing collateral that we're using to
drive revenue so it is something that
works really well I then plugged the
image into Gamma.
Gamma, if you don't know, it is a it's a
I want to say newerish tool that does
content creation, specifically
presentations. So, like you might say,
oh, I could do a presentation can, but
yeah, you can and like I've done both
and I run tests on both side by side.
Usually the gamas are just a bit better,
especially for B to B to C. Yeah, sorry.
For B2B rather than B TOC like Canva is
the decks come out a little bit better.
You can give it things like again like
rep I gave it replets orange. I gave it
their I was like check their website for
fonts that you should use. Also look up
how they talk about themselves because
you can give it the content you want but
you can also prompt it. Usually the
output is pretty good. And so I like
gamma a lot because we use it now to
send all of our like sales collateral,
sales deck, support decks. We've
gamuted.
It's easy. They're also easily sharable.
So between the two tools together, you
know, you'll have to still customize the
two. Like I don't use all the image
creations out of Gamma. Uh, I prefer
like Gamma has built-in image creation
and I obviously still prefer like the
Reeve images or ones that we have that
are actual like real images like so like
we still pick and choose which ones work
better. So that's what I mean like our
marketing stack is probably the most
specialized but it does help eliminate a
lot of bottleneck and deal cycles,
right? You're getting them something
polished. You're not waiting, you know,
a week for your designer to come in and
do this personalized deck. I feel like
just elicit a much better conversation
or response from folks. Like this also,
not only can this kind of uplevel your
deck. So you can also send them to more
people is what I found. Like we've
started sending these to pretty much
everyone. We're like we used to not do
that. We used to be like here's one set
deck we have for SAS. If you're
interested in sponsoring, here's the one
deck. sometimes, you know, that's not
the best thing for teams to pass around
when they're like, "Okay, we're
considering opting into this or if
you're trying to go to market with
something more so on the marketing side.
It's again, it's not clean. It's not as
polished to show like one asset that's
more generalized obviously versus
something that's hyperpersonalized to
that. You've obviously that you've
listened to their needs, but using the
AI, you can kind of scale that up a bit
more so that you can have this sounds
across. It looks a lot better. You don't
need an agency to do this and then they
can share it internally. I'll I if you
use it directly in gamma versus
exporting it to like PDF or Google
Glades, it'll tell you whatever people
view it. So I'll get pings all the time
of you know random XYZ person at XYZ
company do this deck. I'm like yeah I
didn't send it to them but they're at
the company and they're always like
sharing this around. So I think that's
what you want is you want to use this to
not only improve your current processes
of how you're doing these things but
also just to unlock new ones so that you
can do a more hyperpersonalized scale.
>> And for folks that I mean Gamma got a
lot of we've been using it for a long
time. It got a lot of press recently.
They just said they crossed 100 million
AR this year and raised around at two
billion. So a lot of press. But I've
actually found I we've been promoting
gamma for a long time because we use it.
A lot of folks they might even talk
about it. They've never used it
literally. I was at the other day at an
event with the CEO of a public SAS
company saying, "Ah, gamma, it's just
PowerPoint and no one will ever use
that." I'm like, you know, they're going
to they already got to 100 million, my
friend. There's something there. But
here's the tip. Okay, most of you
haven't used Reeve.art for images. It's
all on Saster Diet Agents. Go upload
something that you use and just ask it
to make it better. I bet you're going to
find this is your best tool for Gamma.
If you haven't used it, don't over
complicate this. Literally go into a
Google doc, write five bullets of what
you want a deck to be. Okay, take those
five bullets, put it in the free version
of Gamma, and watch it build a deck for
you. I bet it's the best thing you've
seen. Okay, you can use it. You can make
a template you use again and again,
which Amelia does, and then upload it
dynamically with data, become an AI
agent expert. But that could be
intimidating for folks. If you haven't
used it, don't over complicate it. Take
five bullets on anything that you're
doing, give it to Gamma, and watch the
agent build a deck for you. It's pretty
awesome. And then if you get excited
about that, go deeper like we have. And
then you can make dynamic decks for
everybody for real. Not the same crappy
static decks everyone else getting. But
you can start really simple with these
tools. They don't have to be
intimidating. And I think your jaw will
drop for both if you invest like five
minutes in each. Keep it simple. Invest
five minutes.
>> Yep.
>> Okay. Let me go to the next one.
In terms of content ad automation, so we
have a lot of specialized tool in this
bucket. You saw on one of the previous
slides. This is where most folks are
using AI in their marketing stack.
I would say I don't think it's
necessarily a bad thing that these are
all specialized. Again, like the way
that I use Gamma and Reeve together,
it's like it only takes I would say 60
extra seconds to generate an image in
Reeve versus doing it natively in gamma.
It comes out a lot better in my opinion.
Comes out a bit more customized. And
then I port it over. So I don't I don't
think you should be scared by the amount
of tools on this one slide. We do pick
and choose like the very best things and
outputs and also a lot of these are
offtheshelf. So I would say for
particularly in marketing and how we're
using the so far I think the next one is
one of our more like enterprise tools
and solutions is you know these are all
off the shelf. like Claude, Replet, Ree,
Higfield, Recall, which we use a lot for
content. Opus, we're adding Mosaic for
video. Like these are all ones where
they're like, you know, user
subscriptions. Like anybody on your team
slash yourself could just go set up you
whatever 20 to 30 bucks a month or 10 to
30 bucks a month and try these tools and
see which ones work for you. So I think
what's working well for us now is yes,
obviously we do use it for some of our
cont. We have a lot of content at SAS
and prior to this that was a lot of
Jason and my day was writing content.
It's still a lot of Jason's day. It's
still a lot of our time. But now the
agents,
I don't mean to speak for you, Jason,
but I do feel like with this agent mix
you have specifically in content
creation, you get there a lot faster. So
you're able to post like more advice to
folks.
>> Yeah, I would say what we've been able
to do is triple our content output with
AI. I think that and I think the mistake
a lot of folks make is they use a lot of
crappy social media tools that
regurgitate content again. So they they
want thought leadership. So they spool
up a tool. It examines someone else's
feed. It often examines my feed. I see
folks rewriting my content. And it sort
of works because LLMs are good at
copying and regurgitating.
If you just want views, I guess if you
think that's going to move the needle
for your business, then generic AI tools
are fine. Okay? But what we do, which is
the real powerful thing, is m is you
architect the content, you create the
content, our videos, our sessions, our
posts, our ideas, and you use AI to
turbocharge it to do more research for
you to go deep dive. You know, we used
to that's what you really want to do is
to is for AI to be your steroids for
content creation, not to create the core
nucleus. That becomes trit and boring.
But that's how we've tripled it. I I
write all the if you've read Saskra for
a long time, I've written most of the
content for more than a decade. Okay?
But if you compare an article today this
year versus two years ago, you'll see
that it's pretty similar. But there's a
lot more data. I can do a lot more
research. I can and it's not just asking
claude to do the research. I can take
multiple articles, three or four
articles off the internet. For example,
today just before this, I wrote an
article on how venture capital has
changed for funds. I took two different
data sources, one from Crunch Race and
one from an LP, an investor in top funds
called Venrock that analyzed 1900 funds
and I added that data to my post. Okay?
I added that data with AI and it makes
it so much better. You've got to check
the work. It does take a few minutes,
but AI can let you take great ideas and
make them 10 times better. That's where
you get get the leverage.
>> Yep.
>> I would say too, just on this, we do use
a few different tools here. They all
work fairly well. But yeah, to to that
point, right, we are using it to amplify
existing content that we have or or even
build up on that content. Like one thing
I did for this webinar actually for last
week's and this week is I gave it the
last three or four sessions that we had
done on this topic of AI our agents up
to CL cuz I like better. I was like hey
given what we've already covered I don't
want to keep regurgitating things like I
want to show data and claude did not
have my data. I would like these are
screenshots I took. I put these slides
together but it gave me a pretty good
outline. And I was like, "Okay, based on
the last few talks you guys have done,
based on what you have coming up, based
on where you're at this six month mark,
here's what I think you should cover
that is like Sasher style actual
content." So, it gave me a really good
outline.
It like gave me this out like this
format of like, okay, you should go into
each of the different segments of go to
market. We should talk about what's
working and what's not on each side. You
should call out the tools. And it gave
me ideas on like okay here maybe some
answer like it would ask me like hey is
this what's working is this not what's
working okay like then maybe show this
is like the next slide and so it gave me
a really good it was like a really good
co-pilot for me on like just putting my
thoughts together cuz obviously now that
we're doing a part two I was like I have
a lot we could cover and go off on about
AI and go to market but I want to try
and make it super tactical for folks so
that it's helpful and useful and it was
really good for hing that and it was
I was like, "What about this topic?" It
was like, "No, like that could be its
own topic. Don't go too much off the
edges."
And so, yeah, it's gotten I would say
really good at that. So, I helped this
outline and then I obviously did I, you
know, I still wrote all the slides and
did all the I did use gamma bit and then
I pulled all of our screenshots in of
our data and but now I'm also using it
for the some of the stuff we're going to
do in London just again. I'm going to
give it this one after today. I gave it
last week. I'm like, "Okay, now build on
it again knowing that, you know, some
people in my audience would have seen
these two faster AI lives and some
people wouldn't have, but also make it
shorter cuz now we're together. This
will be like the 2hour mark and I think
the opener at London's only 45 minutes.
What are the most valable points I
should hit on?" And it's gotten pretty
good at that. So, I
I think it's great for that, too, cuz
that saved me a lot of time. Like it
still took me a while to obviously make
this deck and put all the points
together for you guys and put all the
screenshots and the data like that that
that still takes work, but it did help
me organize my thoughts a lot more.
Yep.
On the content repurposing,
not
I know you hit it. A lot of folks,
especially founders and marketers that
are watching or will watch later, I find
we're all generating so much more
content these days, especially video.
There's so much more pods. There's so
much more everything going on. And
people are not using AI to extend the
life of that content. There's a lot of
discussed on it, but I see a lot of lazy
approaches.
And let me tell you what we do. It It's
pretty simple. Amelia has it on this
bullet point. Opus Pro get recall and
descript. I don't think we touched on
the first two, did we, Ameilia?
>> No,
>> but okay. So, you just did you just did
a great interview and then you stick it
on your YouTube and it disappears. Okay,
great. I hope it performs. Just a few.
The first one's a little you probably
know or you might not. The second one's
a little more subtle, but let me tell
you what we can do with this content.
The first one is stick your If you
haven't used Opus Pro, it's on our list
on Saster Agents. a lot of tools, but
it's the leading tool for turning your
video into clips. And listen, it can't
take boring content and make it great.
But what Opus Pro is really good is take
the YouTube URL, stick give it to Opus
Clip, and it will force rank the most
compelling content out of that and find
you some clips and then it will just
actually automatically schedule it for
you on your social media accounts on
LinkedIn, on X, on Facebook, whatever
you want. It's pretty good. It will take
the if you just did a 40minute webinar,
it will take the best 60 seconds or 120
seconds, clip it and let you put it
right on LinkedIn where your customers
are. You should be doing this and you
can queue up 5 6 8 10 of those over the
course of the month. You should be doing
that with your best content or you're
kind of wasting it. How does it grade
it? It uses AI. It's pretty amazing and
it there's a free version like try this
is another one you can literally try in
5 minutes. Take your u take your YouTube
URL and stick it in Opus Pro and see it.
It extracts the text, which is actually
very easy to do. Actually, YouTube gives
you the text through the API. It's not
that complicated. And then it just runs
that text through some LLM. I don't even
know what it is, and says, "Find me the
best parts." When Opus first launched
pre I don't know, we were using it in
Sasser London a year and a half ago. It
was like magical. I'm like, "How does it
do this? How does it find the best
clips? This seemed like the most
magical." And I actually invested in the
company. It was so magical. So, it still
is magical, but it's now that I
understand how AI works better today
with our agents, it's less magical than
I thought. Extract text. It's not much
tech like these videos that even if it's
2 hours, it's not a lot of text. It's
not much for the LMS to process. Give it
to the LLM and say, "Break it up into
the best two-minute chunks." It works
really well. And then just and then it
just says, "Hook in your LinkedIn
account. Hooked in your Twitter
account." And it just does it all for
you. It's magical. So, you're wasting
your content if you don't do this. You
can also ask it to make threeinut clips,
which we do too. If you have a little
more energy, you can put those three
minute clips on X and LinkedIn, like the
best ones for deeper dives. You'll see
Saster do that all the time. You'll see
these three and four-minute clips. I
don't have time to make it. Opus makes
it for us. Like, it's really good. Okay,
so what's the next? So, that's how you
turn your video into clips in short.
Just do it. Opus is like there's a free
version or it's 20 bucks a month or five
bucks a month for the paid, but you can
try it free. Then, we use an app very
few people use called Get Recall.
There's actually two apps called recall.
One does like transcription. I don't
know. One is an API tons of folks use
the founders at Saster and you'll got a
ton of customers out of it. It's an API.
Get recall actually just transcribes
your whole internet world with AI. Like
everyone should be using this. It's just
a niche app. It'll do everything. I use
it for one thing. I give it that URL for
the YouTube and it instantly gives me
great summarized text. And then instead
of Opus doing its own thing, I take that
text and I put it into Claude and I tell
it the type of article I want to write
out of the content. This is really
powerful. Okay. So, literally we're
doing this hourlong webinar right now.
Okay. When it's done, I will grab the
YouTube URL and I will go to get recall
and give it to it and I'll get the text.
Then I'll put it in Claude. And let's
say I only want to write a SAS post on
content repurposing. I will take the
transcript of this session and say,
"Claude, write me a Sasser post just on
what Ameilia and I said on content
repurposing and then it can write an
article just on that." Now, of course,
you've got to edit it a little bit, but
it's going to be pretty good. This is
and literally, if we wanted to, we could
take this session and turn it into five
or six articles by getting the text from
it from Get Recall and YouTube and then
just asking Claude to write five or six
great articles out of it. This will be
better than the crummy agency you asked
to write a bunch of crappy articles.
Take your own content. We watch that. If
you have something great from your own
events, digital events, world events,
find the three or four great themes from
it and write articles just about those
three or four things with the extracted
text and claude. It'll be great. Like it
will be great. And this will turn you
can get 10 great clips out of your
content, but actually you can get five
or six great articles if it's a really
good piece of content. Don't waste that
great interview. Don't waste that the
best keynote you had. Don't waste the
best session from
from an event you just had. It's just a
waste, right? I mean, no light
criticism, no criticism. I just did this
great digital day with G2. We did it
Goddard and I did it with the co of
Zenesk. Okay, it was so good. Now,
they've decided to hide it behind some
whis and we do love whiskey at Saster.
we use it ourselves, but to hide it
behind a
link wall to capture email addresses. I
guess maybe that's the right thing to
do. But because I know so much about AI
for support, I asked the CEO of Zendes
so many great things. I could write five
articles out of that piece of content.
We talked about pricing for AI for
support. We talked about how difficult
it is to train AI agents and so how to
simplify that. That could be like four
different articles that G2 and I, if
anyone from G2 wants to help, we we'll
do the work. We could create five great
pieces out of that interview instead of
it like just disappearing into the
ether.
>> The other thing I
as you were chatting through all this
was that the a few folks were asking
questions related to if there's a way to
do this more programmatically in the
chat.
I think what you guys mean if we're
using you know all like juice for this
juices content example you just gave is
there a way you can do that
automatically or are you doing that
manually now?
>> Do which part man?
>> Can I hear you? Is there there's no way
right now to automate like opus grabbing
or recall grabbing YouTube
automatically?
>> It's a great question. All these agents
are getting better. We have 20 in
production. Here's the thing. This
includes replet. This includes Opus.
This includes Agent Force and Artisan
and Qualified. All the tools we love to
death.
They automate a lot of stuff. Like they
might even automate 95% of what you used
to need a team to do. They don't
automate everything. Here's the problem.
As great as these tools are, they do not
enable lazy marketing. What they enable
is better marketing and much more of it.
Everyone wants an autopilot. Everyone
wants to buy a tool and disappear. It
does not work that way. You notice you
can have crappy output. You can have
crappy LinkedIn posts. Again, where I
started, none of this is full
automation. It can automate 95%. But
even me, listen, I'm not like, you know,
I'm no I didn't found lovable or or
cursor, but I'm a somewhat successful
founder. I'm still doing this myself at
this point of my career. I'm not I but
I'm getting lots of help so I'm much
more productive but I still have you
know this term maybe is overused. I'm
still orchestrating these agents and
Amelia is still orchestrating her
agents. So if you can't put in 20 or 30
minutes a day to do this, don't start
the project. Okay? If you want to do
nothing, we can't help you. If you want
to invest 20 or 30 minutes of actually
kind of fun stuff, I mean this stuff is
fun. These tools are magical. If you
want to invest 20 30 minutes a day so
that you could have massive output, use
this playbook. But there's nothing you
can just click and forget. There there
is, but it's not going to be good
enough. If you're not going to read the
text, if you're not going to decide how
to take that interview with the CEO of
Zenesk and turn it into five posts, it's
not going to be great. It's going to be
generic.
>> Yeah, there's a few questions in the
audience on how we're using it, maybe
more so for things like marketing
automation style emails. So, I'll go to
this next slide.
When it comes to email marketing, I am
full disclosure using sales tools to
typical folks email marketing
at RGTM now in November of 2025 or
whenever you're listening to this. Once
there is a truly great all-in-one AI
marketing platform, I will try it. I
will use it. But it doesn't exist yet.
So I have hacked some of the existing
sales tool to use them for marketing but
with fairly good results. Now what we're
not able to automate yet but we actually
are starting to get there and starting
to kind of like lightly prototype things
and replet is I haven't solved for
automating our newsletters. Like we do
these four to five newsletters a week on
you know it it aggregates all this Astro
content. It's all this really great
original content that you're seeing us
outputting here. We put in the
newsletters, all of Jason's articles,
everything we're writing up on AI, you
know, our to our agents page, everything
in there goes out to those newsletters.
We're still doing that manually for all
intents purposes. So, even in today, 6
months down our AI journey, I haven't
found something truly great to automate
that process.
I don't think it exists yet, but if you
know one we should try, drop it in
there.
>> There's still a gap. There's still a
gap. Fully automating making those
emails the our newsletters great isn't
yet AIable completely.
We can come back to that. It's not We
can go back to this the next time we do
this.
>> Yeah. So, we It's like early we on
saster.ai, AI, our new platform. You can
actually sign up for a different
newsletter, an automated newsletter that
shows you stock quotes and news all
across AI and the web and everything.
That one is fully automated and custom.
So, I can see a hint of the future.
Like, it can do things our tools can't.
For example, it extracts the latest
Sster video. Like, the minute we're off
this one, it will go into that automated
newsletter with no work. That's so cool.
And it will figure out what the best
articles are on Saster today, which AI
is good at. and customize it to the
newsletter. But the full voice that
Ameilia does in the newsletter where we
exert it and we talk about those
learnings and we make it personal. AI is
not there yet today. But I wouldn't be
surprised. We I think we'll find a tool
sometime in the next 3 or 4 months that
is somewhere in the middle that it can
extract enough stuff that if you're not
doing good newsletters, it's much better
than nothing, right? Because we do have
these automated ones on the side,
>> but it's not there yet. It is what is
interesting on marketing as you dig in
is you'll find you know so much of the
energy in AI is that we see is in coding
tools obviously sales tools
and like social media tools but a lot of
marketing it's still early you'd think
there would be replacements for a lot of
things I think there will be next year
and there's a lot of startups but as
soon as we find something great we'll do
the next we'll do the next one with even
more tools but right now we're using to
in many case these for point tools,
right? And
>> y
>> they don't do as much as we'd love them
to do. And we'll we'll check in 90 days.
>> Yep.
>> Specifically, when it comes to email,
what I'm doing right now is kind of
hacking existing sales tools.
While we haven't found a way yet to
automate the newsletters, but where I
have found, you know, some success is
actually just hacking the existing AI,
I'll call them go to market tools, even
though they're labeled the sales tool to
send marketing emails. And so that's
what I started, you know, the webinar
with the practice of, you know, I think
some of this is starting to converge and
maybe we'll see more of that. But also,
I think we may start to see change in
how people interact with emails
altogether. So it may not matter in the
end that it's all kind of under go to
market versus sales emails and marketing
email.
>> I'm already starting to see that I don't
actually care anymore that some of these
emails that I'm sending for marketing
are in sales tools. I don't care. I just
think of them as go to market tools now.
And this is where actually this these go
to market tools have are pretty good at
this because they were built for sales
and because they're built to re-engage
people
because sequences is basically a
marketing drip campaign. So just think
about that for a second. If you're doing
sequences on an AI tool, you can
probably do a marketing drip campaign.
Those are the same fundamentals in like
how the AI is set up and how you want to
set up. And instead of you giving it
just, you know, sales prospects that you
want it to keep sequencing, you give it
a subset of your marketing contacts and
say, "Hey, okay, these are specific
folks. Maybe I've narrowed them down to,
you know, you can't do everybody in your
database now. It doesn't really work
well and it can't output that quickly
depending on how big your database is.
So ours is really big. I can't email in
the data everybody in the database even
with our 20 agents today. But what I can
do is I can whittle down some of the
folks. So, what I'll do now is like this
one that's here, this is a screenshot I
think from qualified, which again
qualified is for all purposes a sales
tool, but I've been using it for
marketing. So, I'll see in Marquetto
because it's also hooked up it's hooked
up to our Marquetto and it's hooked up
to our Salesforce. It will see when
people are opening emails and if they
reach a certain threshold right now for
they've opened a bunch of London emails
but haven't bought a ticket, it will
send them this one to one email. Now,
I'm also still sending them like, you
know, the email blast of, "Hey, Sasha
London's about to sell out." I'm still
doing that, but I'm using the agent to
actually do onetoone personalized
marketing email to this person. I don't
know where Matthew works. I think it
says here, actually, but this was, you
know, this kind of called some of that
up of, okay, I noticed you've been
exploring content. It actually pulled up
content that they were reading on
safer.com. I didn't tell it to do that.
It just did that. It contextualized it
based on his hard interactions, saw what
he was rating on saster.com, related it
back to his company, knew that he was in
this campaign where he was opening our
London emails but hadn't taken an action
and offered him a discount code to
Saster.
This is where I feel like there is a
somewhat of a evolution in marketing and
a convergence and go to market that why
can't you have more specialized emails
in marketing like this? not to replace
newsletters, not to replace email blast
necessarily, but to be an added layer
because you can get leverage out of AI
to have a more customized email to this
person once they meet a certain
criteria. And basically, I treat these
marketing emails again as drip
campaigns. And so far, they've been
working really well. This is fairly
early days. I put a screenshot here.
This was like 3,000 emails I've sent
in this one campaign just on qualified.
That's not counting any of the, you
know, that's not counting on the inbound
conversations that had or inbound
people. It's following up with. This is
just for this specific campaign of
people who met this criteria. You'll see
here open rates fairly high, right? This
is on par with what we've seen in like
our agent force. Some of these people
also go into agent force. I'm doing like
an AB test, right? I'm split testing
them just to see which one works better.
Right now, about the same, which is
great. like it's high since they're
about the same, but we're getting fairly
good open rates and then the
clickthrough rates will be, you know,
obviously a little bit lower. That's
fine. It's I don't expect that many
replies also on this email. It's giving
them a link. They're they don't really
need to reply. If they buy a ticket,
they pay cool that'll if they don't come
to me in this interaction, they only
talk to my agent. That is a okay.
You know, bounce rate fairly low. So
early days on this one cuz we've just
started to add this into the mix. But
this is just such an interesting thing
just for all the backbone things of you
know it being this is technically a
sales tool but you know sales tools can
do really good sequences. So why I was
like why couldn't it do a really good
drip campaign if it has all the right
inputs?
And so this is where I found kind of a
way to fill that gap that Jason was
talking about in the meantime in the
interim. this is what I'm doing right
now to still get good output in
marketing and kind of fill that gap for
now.
>> Yeah, it is I want to keep getting
through the content before we're out of
time. But
the
you're you we hear a lot of folks when
we talk about our ASR saying oh no
that's those are marketing tools right
the there AI is leading to convergence
between sales and marketing but in fact
it is even leading at some level to
convergence between sales marketing and
support as the agents can do more
>> they the lines get blurry so today that
means Amelia is hacking what is commonly
a sales tool I guess right to do
marketing emails to do personalized
marketing emails instead of a marketing
tool that we instead of Marquetto or
HubSpot right that's a hack today it
feels like a hack but it won't be a hack
next year the these will converge and
like I I do know I've done a lot of
investments in the SAS side of
e-commerce where there's high volume and
already tons of AI and already there
there is no difference between sales
marketing and support for a variety of
reasons we're going to see the same
thing because imagine you want to go buy
a necklace and you go to a website, you
don't want to talk to support versus
sales. And you and marketing might need
to market to you instantly so you get a
discount so you don't leave. And so
these are all blending. Your skills are
going to need to blend and your tools
are going to blend. So that's a for
right now. Hack the tools that you buy.
Don't And if it's a sales tool and you
think it's marketing or it's marketing,
you think it's sales, that's a new
world.
These lines are kind of get blurry.
I'll say the interesting thing is too is
because it's blurry. It's almost better
for the output of it. It's actually
better for me that some of this is in a
quote unquote sales tool and now I just
call it a go to market tool because it
already knows all these things, right?
I'm like, "Okay, our qualified is there
on the website." It already knows that.
Like I don't have to be like, "Okay, I
have to, you know, back in the day to
put Marquetto Munchkins on everything to
see if they went to your website." I'm
like, qualify already knows that.
Artisan does that, too. Like they
Salesforce knows, you know, and agent
force knows everything your Salesforce
knows. Like, you already have all this
really great data and you're kind of
using these go to market tools that
already have, again, they were built for
sales, but really can be easily hacked
and applied to go to market.
I actually think it's better. I don't
mind that it's merging and converging. I
think it's leading us to send better
marketing emails.
again because we're sending so many
hyperpersonalized ones. We I'll have
like higher quality conversations with
folks too. Like even when they do reply,
this one's low. Obviously, artist like
artisans higher, Asian persons higher on
replies, but this one also has a link,
right? So, I'm not comparing apples to
apples directly because those two are
more where we've programmed them, where
we want them to reply. This one gives
them a link, so they don't necessarily
need to reply. But the replies I do get
just across the board are just some are
hyper personalized, hyper custom. The
thing I run into actually and issues. I
sometimes can't reply to everyone like
directly. Like sometimes they'll be
like, "Hey, I already bought my ticket,
but hey, what do you think about XYV
tool you guys mentioned on the women or
this or that?" And then like I'll answer
once and then they ask a bunch of follow
questions. I'm like, "Oh no,
real Amelia cannot keep up with all of
Amelia's agents." And so that's where
actually my biggest pitfall is is not
being able to keep up with all of our
agents. It's not, you know, again,
finding the right tools aside and maybe
hacking tools for now, not the biggest
problem we have.
So that's an interesting nuance, too.
But I don't I actually don't mind that
these are converging. I think it's for
the best. I think we'll see it lead to
maybe good changes within marketing
where, you know, you mentioned
newsletters. I would love a really great
tool for that. But I also see where you
know I'd love a tool actually that in a
you know in a 6 month state I could see
this happening of it's a newsletter but
it's hyper customized right like why
can't a newsletter be one to one in the
same way that this email is one to one
>> it should be yeah it should be right
like the way Jason was
>> millions of emails but we should they
should be customized
>> they should be yeah okay if you're
reading sro.com and I see you already
read that article I'm not going to put
it in your next newsletter like you
already saw I'm going to put something
else related to it. That's like a
follow-up one. Like that's where I see
this all kind of converging and going.
It doesn't quite exist there yet, but
I'm actually excited for it to get there
because I feel like actually it will be
better to if you're truly adding value,
I feel like this is a good thing.
>> Yeah. I mean, when we have AI for both
newsletters and drip marketing, that's
what we need is for drip marketing. So
if we know whatever types of content
you've interacted with, it's not very
difficult for AI to customize the
further content or the further campaigns
you get. Well, they there may be tools
out there that do it or claim it, but
the capabilities are limited, but it's
not hard. This should be there soon. Is
your every journey should be customized
by AI. There's no reason for it not to
be. And every newsletter should be I
mean we forget out your drip. No one
should be sending the same drips. Even a
segment of drip. No one should be
sending like two or three segments of
drips. There should be a million drips
that draw from all of your content like
dynamically. And our newsletters, we
should be sending a million different
newsletters, not a mill not not three
different newsletters.
And we know what you want. If you're a
sales professional, maybe you don't want
to read about Jason's vibe coding
anymore. Maybe it's driving you nuts. If
you're really into our AI content, maybe
you don't want to hear about all the
headaches hiring VP of sales. You just
don't care. But everyone's getting this
mix of content of go to market AI BC
funding and we AI should be smart enough
to change all that and then we're all
going to see our response rates go way
up.
>> We're all going to see it go way up.
>> We're looking for that one. We're look
we're in the hunt. We're in the hunt for
that. We're in the hunt for that.
>> I'll do a quick I'll do a quick closing
thought and then Jason let's hit
anything you miss and then we can do
some Q&A for a few minutes over.
Wait, this is interesting. thing. I was
at like a Salesforce event yesterday
up in Oakland and just with folks that I
was talking to is, you know, well, and
because folks know we have multiple
agents now and I kind of talked about
the story. They were like,
are you ever worried that like your
agents don't talk to each other? And I
was like, no. Because even though our
stack is hyper personalized and
specialized like you just saw like I use
qualified for some things artisan for
others our marketing stack we just
showed is so desperate of you know 10
different pools the staff we have a
Jason AI that's deli we have an Amelia
AI that's qualified
I'm literally doing a voice and video
test with them later I have a London
agent I'm rolling out on agent force
where you can call it and ask it what
sessions to go to. That's freaking cool.
And someone was like, "Aren't you
worried that these agents won't talk to
each other?" I'm like, "Okay, let me
give you an example of a shift example
where I had a worse interaction than
talking to maybe one to three agents."
Like, I had to call Verizon the other
day cuz the Wi-Fi at the office was
down. And the
experience was so horrible.
Like, I had one, I had to call this
number. There was no chat. There was no
like AI troubleshooting of, hey, I saw
your, you know, internet's down and I'm
logged into my account. You should know
my internet is already down by the time
I get there. And so I got routed to five
different people because we had a
Verizon for business account and it was
specialized and it was I don't know they
called FiOS or whatever and it was you
know whatever it was specialized and so
I kept getting bounced to all these
different departments and finally I
think the screenshot on my phone was
like 45 minutes later
the guy who eventually came on said
there's just an outage in your area so
your internet's down. I go, "Right, you
could have used AI to tell me this when
I logged in. You could have maybe email
me that there was information in my
area. I would have wasted 45 minutes on
the phone." But my point in all this is
I talked to five different humans and it
was a much worse experience than
somebody who has bounced between maybe
one or two of our agents or at the max
maybe three or four of our agents. And I
will I will say I know that because in
our agents they do point to each other.
If you ask our Amelia AI right now for
SAS advice or like how to hire a VP of
sales, it will kick you back over to the
Jason agent. Then if you come back and
you're like, "Hey, I actually had a
question about London." She'll remember
like Ameilia will remember that she
kicked you out of the Jason agent and
like just pick up on that conversation,
you know, equated to at least I wasn't
transferred to a new customer service
rep. If you go back to if you're kicked
back to any of our agents, they remember
everything. Like they remember your
whole conversation, context. They can
see what you were doing and actually get
you to the right answer
versus, you know, being bounced around
by humans. That's still worse, right?
It's just an interesting nuance there.
Something I hadn't really thought of
until somebody asked me. me. I was like,
but this experience is still better than
the crappy experience I just had with a
bunch of random human beings who
actually could not sell myself.
>> Tell me the internet's down.
>> You know, ju the Verizon story is a
great one. Let me just tie it together.
you know the if we're talking about GTM
right we don't talk a lot about support
but if support is pretty good it can be
a great lead capture and opportunity
capture tool
qualified you said for example it I mean
it does a limited amount of support when
you're using that agent it captures
leads when it does the same thing right
it does the whole thing and so the these
agents you know I had two bumps myself I
had one with Mercury which I love which
is a banking product and I did it the
other day and it said it would take them
a day to respond to my issue. Now, you
could criticize that. You can say, "Why
the hell can't you just have an AI agent
do the support?" But that when you have
that experience, you're missing a chance
to capture that lead and get someone
into your journey. If Mercury or Brex,
which we both use and appreciate and
love, if they all take don't really have
AI support or can't get back to you, add
a basic agent like we started with Deli.
Add something that adds value to your
customers today. Put it on your site
today. Like some of these tools take a
long time to deploy. Deli you can do in
a day. You'll instantly start at least
improving experience and capturing some
leads and potential prospects. Support
as these things converge. Marketers and
sales folks don't think about support.
It will become a lead generation tool
for you. And it already is with our
agents. It already is. They're blurring.
So make your if you don't make your
support great too and your marketing and
sales will be better.
Thanks everybody. We'll see everybody in
London. We'll do the this live. We'll do
this Q&A live. You can come up with all
your questions and uh talk to you guys
soon.
>> See you there.
>> You didn't create a startup to run a
small business. Let Salesforce help you
connect data, automate busy work, and
empower employees on the only platform
you will ever need, no matter how big
you get. With smarter AI and builtin
collaboration tools like Slack, which we
use and you use, the sky is the limit.
Learn how Salesforce works for startups
at salesforce.com/sm.
That's salesforce.com/smbb.
Hey Sasser, imagine having agents for
every support task. One that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots turn rest.
That'd be pretty amazing, right? Happy
Fox just made it real with autopilot.
These pre-built AI agents deploy in
about 60 seconds and run for as low as 2
cents per successful action. All of it
sits inside the HappyFox omni channel AI
first support stack. Chatbot, co-pilot,
and autopilot working as one. Check them
out at happyfox.com/aster.